---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts


2025 is here. 
# Mission 
A life rooted in Buddhist Principles Targeting Calmness, Intelligence and Fearlessness CIF
for this I need to be able to achieve my 5 life's goals [[My 5 principles and practices of character building]]


I need to simplify the process having many endeavours tools and pursuits will hinder progression
lets simplify this to 
1. Panchaendriya and Pancha Bala wadeema to achive CIF
2. Use AI wisely and achieve professional excellence
3. Look after tissues with mindful consumption and exercise
4. Be financially prudent
5. look affer sadisa



Came via gangaramaya to Nawaloka temple where I worshipped 
This is the place I do my pinkama
Until the end of my existence in this bhawaya all the deeds I do will be niwane niveema pinisa



9 am 

Did a wonderful septoplasty on a patient who thoroughly deserved it

First case in the theater
Exactly at 9 am
Wonderfully done
Blessings from entire staff

Wonderful beginning
Another input from cinnamon grand couldn’t find a coffee shop was walking and here I am now. 

In this year 2025 I have a mission [[01-01-2025#Mission]]


I deposited 50 K at BOC as an auspicious thing. 

I will achieve my mission 

More I use these technologies, more I see the value of human creation. 

they are bland. however much I try they will give an average creation. but i should not be using this for creation in the first place. its an aid not a replacement for your brain.


8pm 

another experiment is on the way I want to create a coffee shop environment in my mission control room. That way I can be productive right where I am.


10:00 Pm had to go see a post tonsillectomy patient I had operated 10 days ago ?bleeding; now she is OK hopefully she will continue to be. 
i bought another plastic box to store extra gadgets to be put under the bed for storage. 

I am trying to create a great workspace with coffee shop ambience. 


