---
type: newjournal
date: 2024-01-01
---
# thoughts

New Year’s First Day. Need to have a great 2024. Hope to have a great 2024 should be the correct version of it. I would like to apply what I have learnt over the past years to achieve serenity, peace, calm happiness in my life. It’s going to be a simple life and I have done “death cleaning” with the shifting to on 320 apartment  

These are the key moments of 2023 I would like to remember. 

1. The fact that I managed to improve my professional life significantly if you look at the statistics, there is increase the number of surgeries number of patients income and overall 50% increase in practice compared to last year 

2. Had life changing 2 medical diagnoses : cervical cord compression and significant coronary artery disease. Both of these diseases can have a huge affect on my existence. However, I manage them significantly well so far.  plan to do that in the future as well.

3. Learnt about important concepts like antifragility, many quotes 

4. Concept of using the mobile phone as the key productivity tool although people condemn the use of mobile phones for its distractibility, etc. I find that a proper functioning smart phone is one of the greatest assets a person can have. In my professional life I I have used so many gadgets and none had been proven better than my mobile phone particularly the one that I’m using right now. iPhone 14 pro. So in the coming year I wish to enhance this concept of using the mobile phone as a key component in my development and productivity.

6. Started reading again.
7. Exercise and moderate consumption became a lifestyle and over the months I managed to craft a significant looking body and energy status. However, I noticed recently there is some slack that I need to address and I hope the coming days and the week I can revert back to the desired pathway.
8. On the spiritual front, I realized thatI sathi nimiththa is crucial to development of the path. I seem to have been slow in the path which I need to correct as a matter of urgency in the coming weeks. This is a top priority.

#significant 

# Daily questions

Did I learn ? #didIlearn:8
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:9
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:9
Did I practice panchabala today? #panchabala:4
Did I reflect on to practice today? #reflect-onto-practice:4
Did I exercise today? #exercise:10



