---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts


will have to work out an action plan for next week.  
today is Sunday the second 
I have blocked my appointments so that I can attend to already committed clinical work and focus on getting myself cured. And this is where the problem lies. 
I do not know what do
should I go for the surgery of disc replacement or should I be conservative. 
The reality is I do have a cord compression no doubt about that.
Lets clarify the symptoms 
I have some numbness of the left foot and on the sole as well
when I use gloves hands get slightly numb as well. However there is no restriction to my activities. This can be viewed as an early warning system. will it progress or remain the same? can I manage this with serial epidurals?
Considering all these and my own thinking process being a surgeon I need a sort of permanent solution. if trying to achieve this cause some complications, I have to face that. 
I think the best way forward is to get it done. Final pieces of information I would want are these. 
1. can ask Sandeep to contact Dr Gupta and see how he is
2. can ask Punsith about pros and cons 
3. can ask Akram about the pros and cons.

out of the three options, I think Punsith might be able to give me relavant information as he is not going to be the surgeon and its a low risk information giving for him. 


Discussion with My Sudu Manike
On what is going to be

1. Surgery is decided
2. Timing I will discuss with Dr Sunil Perera
3. Surgeries I have committed need to be done. 






so after a careful thought process I decided to under go surgery. Now I need to optimise my tissues for it. Sugar control, keeping the coronaries open, hydrate myself well antibiotics cover, nutritional wound healing aspects. 

plan  the rest of the life flow including the financials 
and how to make the most of the time I am going to be off action. 

First I need to fabricate a story. It may be cosidered lying. But I would think its been statergic. For next two weeks I am going to put leave for a "conference" Idea is that way I will remain productive and useful in the eyes of the stakeholders including patients management staff and "collaegues"

I can use the opportunity to use the Damabadeniya Property (do not know whether they will allow me to) and develop my AI skills. 

lets go one aspect after the other and sort things out. Dont take any action unless it is less than 2 minutes to do. 


Ok I am back again. Its 7:42 pm. In less than 24 hours I will be meeting my Surgeon Dr Sunil Perera. I have trust in him. so whatever happens I will proceed with his actions.

I spent the last 10 hours alone. It was a different experience. Being all alone. Walking thinking orgaising a few things. nothing much. fooling myself to think I am super productive and intelligent ! Anyways I am planning for a whole new me. I have a healthy heart now. Its time to get the spine fixed too. These are the two major health issues I had except for metabolic issues like DM ad Hypercholesteraemia - both are reasonably under control with life style and medications. Now that the heart is fixed and confirmed to be fixed, now it is time to get the other potential debilitating illness out of the way. Once done, then I can concentrate on giving whatever the possible outcome to my patients and the others (sadisa namaskaraya)

I am creating a trello board to organise this transition.

https://trello.com/b/9303c1sd

