---
type: newjournal
date: 2024-01-02
---
# thoughts


Thinking of improving my journalling I feel this will be a key skill and a habit to my development over 2024

Great ! 
Now I have a way to journal freely without distraction.
And also a way to visualise my progress of the things that matter for me most!



Lets discuss Arogya [[11 July 2023 Arogya Feature Thoughts]]


Why do you need Google Services ?
This will give the ability to have a great communication with my patients. 
Legible prescriptions, emailing, past record displays, errors of prescribing when batch prescribing happens. 
There are some glitches too.
a. copying and pasting to get to the act of prescribing 
b. when printing couple of clicks necessary

There is a hidden unexpected advantage of this too. that is I have the ability to edit the prescription before printing and emailing. This fact, where I as a user can modify the script before finalising, is something traditional coding will not be able to provide.

What ulitmately need to happen is this
my patients will get a user account created in my website and the app
they will get the link to download the app and through which they can communicate with me. they will be able to chat send their queries send their prescription crisis information clarifications etc. Currently this is happening through WhatsApp. So why another attempt? They can just use already familiar communication model. Why don't I create a business account in WhatsApp and do the same? I think it has the abililty to hold all those details. Lets check that out. This is great! In fact all our communications could be done through whatsapp. Lets try and do that?





#significant







# Daily questions

Did I learn ? #didIlearn:9
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:10
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:9
Did I practice panchabala today? #panchabala:4
Did I reflect on to practice today? #reflect-onto-practice:5
Did I exercise today? #exercise:10



