---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts

1. Investment wise thought of gold vs stocks and pretty confusing may be both 50:50 or GOLD it is difficult to be precise, I will probably stick with what I am comfortable with.
2. More important point is this tsunami of kaamachchanda. need to get a control of what’s happening. 
3. Listened to sathi nimiththa Dhamma Deshana. I think I should practice sathi and veeriya.

Must take refuge in the Noble triple gem and protect myself first and proceed.
last two stapedectimies did not go really well, was it a problem with technique? Take today’s one for example, I managed to lift up the flap without tearing it. Was able to expose the foot plate by currerage and positioning the patient, was able to make a hole. But there was quite a high volume of perilymph. I managed to put the piston in. Used fat to surround the place where the piston was in. Post op recovery when I spoke to him there wasn’t much of an improvement. I hope it will improve later, let’s wait and see. 
But this tension of not achieving the desired outcome is an important consideration in a surgeons life, but the issue is I want to be mentally strong, should i abandon everything and retreat? Go to a calmer life? Or create a strong mindset? I got this new life for a purpose. I have my widely important goals. Should I just give up?





# Updates

I went to see the post operative status of the stapedecomy patient and noted that his hearing is somewhat better. Hopefully his hearing will stay better. 
when I work to deliver the best care possible with my training, whatever the outcome is irrelavant. what matters is that I give my best to my patients. the target: mahaggatha chittha




