---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts


I am developing SLOWLY. I want to [[Festina Lente]] and also I want to increase my mental power using buddhanupassna, kayanupassana, asubha, marananupassana, and mental toughness [[Megiya Sutta]] and sathi nimiththa [[Sathi nimiththa]] 
AI helps me to enhance my learning but lets use [[how can I incorporate Festina Lente to my life as an ENT Surgeon]] and [notebook to hyperefficient](https://notebooklm.google.com/notebook/5a3c8df7-76b0-4778-8324-85ab44b70ab4)
its an important consideration to use AI as a socratic tutor. Here is a [youtube video clip](https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkx-ZgWWtYhd1PnNhfohP19DG2pkVj1ZBoC?si=hzzXmuMk9GyqpJHH) discussing this.

My goal today is to create these tutors, or thinking partners with set of custom instructions. Remember Kautilya? There I used the couple of books with cognitive biases and used that to guide me with possible unseen biases I may be having. I have doubt whether exposing to the wider internet as in Perplexity spaces might make the thinking process better (or worse) 
I can create an experiment to check this out. 
I can use notebookLM Kautilya and Perplexity Spaces Kautliya and feed them with exact same set of documents. For PPL-Kautilya I will give internets access as well. The Prompt - that can only be used in PPL-Kautilya will be crafted to instruct priority to local docs and when appropriate to browse and check the content before committing. 
then a real life situation will be fed and iterative discussion will be held. [[FIXIT strategy for interaction with LLMs]]
Quality of the output will be graded then. and that will complete the experiment.

Additionally, I will need to create a Nawaloka Hospitals Research and Education Foundation AI helper. 

Last but not least, I will develop socratic tutors to interact with things that I need to learn. when the learning context is given and teach me in a methodical and systemactic manner and at the end to create notes that I can use in the future. may be I will have to incorportate ppl spaces, prompting, cursor fabric way to extract YT stuff, NotebookLM, my improvised cursor-fabric-API scene. Lets experiment today.












