---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts


the day I am going to go to work is approaching really fast 
in 48 hours I will be back to work
i will have a gradual back to work schedule. I had a fun discussion with Kautilya on LLMConnect, let me paste the discussion here.  [[discussion with Kautilya on return to work]]


this is the final thought

"Your greatest risk is not your competitors—it is reinjury.    
A temporary, well-managed slowdown is far better than a forced, long-term absence due to complications.  "

that discussion was really useful. Another way [[AI use cases and workflows - definitive guide - 2nd March 2025]]

Another important learnings I would like to highlight are the power of Pirith and laptop stand.  I think these two will help me in the long run


update around 3.26

got the perfume which seem to be ok (liked by Apsara and Sudu Duwa ) price 8.5K and quickly delivered. Rayhaan Pacific' Lets see

got the nuts delivery from nuthouse.lk

spoke to the plaque engravers. useful
need to do the wording and they will do the thing within a day
plan to do a plaque and two mugs

Gangaramaya

Orange outlet; they said that they will replace it. 

so over the next promodore I am going to attend 

created a docling parser using cline on vscode, got a usable code but slow, I think its more do with document size etc than a problem with the approach




9:13 Pm
another update
residual and repeated feet symptoms are attributed to CSM Cervical Spinal Myelopathy
I can't to anything about it
lets try my level best to prevent psuedoarthrosis









