---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts

so that (at least for a little while) surgery is postponed
now i will try to work from here 
this is the beginning. no really!


This is a note to jot down a few thoughts that came to my mind 

Let’s a write a LinkedIn post for Ai in medical education 

Create a recovery and return to work plan

  

  

Let’s start with the recovery and return to work plan

  

I need to serve. I like to treat patients, I get immense happiness seeing my knowledge, attitude and skills being transferred to relieve the suffering of my fellow human beings.  I can remember early in my carrier thinking about a mission statement and coming up with something to the tune of “ to be of service to my fellow human beings with highest possible knowledge and best care possible pinkama

## I have made my occupation my pinkama - Buddha Pooja 

I may not be perfect in the way I execute the service or on the outcome. But I will be in my intention, this is the Buddha Pooja. Until I have functional tissues left in me i will render the best possible care to my patients and with all these I will be even more powerful. I will face adversity with fearlessness calm and intelligence, Ai will help me to achieve my mission. So coming back to the nitty gritty of this I feel following would be a great plan

Channels I will start immediately and theater booking as the patients agree. I will have ample rest in between and be silent and put out my best work ever over the next year


with the help of my journelling practice I should be able to proceed. 








