---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts

i thought of writing. Just writing for the next 25 minutes. 
now I am slowly making progress in to my worklife. I dont know whether I have made it unncessarily difficult for my patients to reach me . I do get many calls for extra appointments, when it comes to me I give otherwise it is very difficult to get an appointment. Should I keep it like this or should I try to optimise my practice. I think the first starting point sould be "ME". How would I like to live my life. based on [[things I learnt during cervical relaxation]], I can think of ways to enhance my life. 

I hope to continue to use time boxing technique as that seem to be very useful. I have being using this for a long time by the way, Its a fancy way of syaing 
	be mindful of all things needed to be done
	be intentional about how you do it
	be organized using a calendar app.


thats it. combined with the wisdom of tiny habits and other time management principles (Pareto, Parkinsons etc) this intentionality creates a powerful formula for a life well lived. 

Starting from the priorities mental development --> physical --> professional --> financial --> Sadisa in this order, I will use the two techniques : time boxing and rapid prototyping to achieve my life's goals. 

other important thing to remember is this. try to program "productive failure" in to my life. [[learning from productive failure - learning theories, how to apply them constructively TED talk Manu Kapur]]

so if i can rapidly prototype, productive failure type tiny experiments to my existence, I think I can be really productive aka happy.







lets take the data visualisation exercice I came across today as the first experiment using google colab and gemini.  [[data visualisation exercise using google colab and gemini]]

