---
type: newjournal
Quote:
---


# Thoughts

New insight about coffee and coffee shops
Let’s make my dwellings the place to be

Ok the evening note 

There was an issue with dialog Fibre and Janitth got involved and now everything is disconnected. I got WSMTD to work and its working. If it does not serve the purpose I might switch on the dialog fibre option. 


Lets get back to more serious thought process. 

Should I try to learn python ? Should I try to copy / paste cpde from langchain etc and try to achieve functioning agents? or should I work / study at the implications level as in Jules White teaching level? This is a key question in the sense that my limited time should be spent wisely in a way that I get most value. What I see now is it is quite possible that I can understand the basic code, and I can copy paste and get things to work, (especially with ai agents being helpful.) but would trying reinvent the wheel be useful to me or should I consider high level thinking and applications and get some one or may be AI itself to write the code for me. 

i used it to test out the revision situation of American Academy Webcast Series. What I realised is the following pathway:

1. First of all try to create a comprehensive list so that I can pick and choose from them
2. Download the video
3. Handbrake it to a smaller size. 
4. Play it side by side with obsidian 
5. take notes
6. need to sort out storage








# Daily questions

Did I do an ANKI ? #didIlearn:
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:
Did I sathi nimiththa today? #panchabala:
Did I walk and stretch today? #exercise:



