---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts



work was initiated slowly
Dr Sunil Perera cleared me to work but gradually 2 hours a day for week and then gradually increase the duration
now need to use the next one month to slowly develop (25 days till April 1st)
today the main task it get AI in obsidian using openwebui


I got to know about msty want to give it a spin over open web ui



5 Pm 

What I am finding is NoteBook LM's  spins are much better and nuanced. So why do we need to spend time and energy when a very good solution is already there? by the way I am using a paid version thanks to Health.LK subscription. Therefore it should settle the privacy concerns. 



I listened to a quite lot of Ai talks and demonstations today
I think following are salient

1. ChatLLM - Abacus LM : thought of spending USD 10 and see whether it is useful
2. NotebookLM : anyway I have a paid subscription through health.lk 
3. Gemini Advanced : Again through health.lk with Apps
4. for deepresearch on scholary articles : https://scholarqa.allen.ai 
5. Msty excellent tool for local AI models, and also to have remote models, and I managed to create a knowledge base based on my Obsidian vault and started chatting with that, but I went on to phase the challenge where the context is quite high the token number and you try to send it off to remote service I found it difficult. The question is how did cursor manage to do that because I was using API in the case of curse as well to chat with My Obsidian vault. And one things I have not fully finalized this AI integration for my obsidian vault And however, the work processes, we can confident the way to go about this to use for brainstorming planning things like that on the chat and then perhaps going to James of Gemini and think about these things I need to maybe chat is only LM that you might need Over the course of next 24 days. I’m planning to enhance our with the help of AI. I have a vision for that and I think I should be able to achieve it with N8n Etc.