---
type: newjournal
Quote:
---


# Thoughts


On the 9th May. In the Benz. (My life time transport partner). And has given me a small confined private space to think. 

And I thought. 

Apsara and I had a great evening yesterday. Because of the board meeting. There was a dinner organized at the chairmen’s apartment. There was a good gathering of high achievers and here I was in the board, before 50, and with a very pretty wife. Board members had anecdotes of good experiences with the treatments they had with me and were full of praises. After the meeting had a private time with Apsara where we enjoyed each other’s company. Next morning (ie today), we went for breakfast at Pan Pan , and here comes the most important realization, thought of restraining ourselves for 3 months. This is not a rule rather an effort to wait for an appropriate opportunity to be together privately. And use the rest of the time to develop. 

One other thing that has come to my mind is that with LLMs etc the ability to succinctly articulate your question is the key to win. Asking right questions. 

In this year of enhancing communication this is one of the key skills that I need to master. 

6 types of planners
1. Plan never start
2. Plan drop after a little effort
3. Plan and take it to some level but never achieve 
4. Plan and achieve but takes a long time
5. Plan and achieve but deteriorate soon
6. Plan and maintain what they have achieved 




# Daily questions

Did I do an ANKI ? #didIlearn:
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:
Did I sathi nimiththa today? #panchabala:
Did I walk and stretch today? #exercise:



