---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts

Ovindi’s results are out. She is upset about the B for appreciation of English literature texts. Truth be spoken the results speaks volumes about the quality of the reviewing system in my (not so) humble opinion. I mean it’s the Perfect Linguist the subject of the story here ! However there are some lessons that can be taken to our lives from this experience 

1. It’s ok to have some unwelcome news coming in our way. The sun will rise, flowers bloom and butterflies will suck up nectar none other lesser. Suck to suck. 
2. We can anticipate and mitigate at least to some extent if we are deligant in our approaches to external validations like exams. 
3. We are infallible. A virus, or a mosquito that carries the virus, can derail our lives.  some alien factors my influence us in our life’s path. Although we may  not fully comprehend why such a thing happened in a such a way, karmic forces are beyond human comprehension and interpretation (The Lord Buddha)
4. But wait there are two types of lives based on karma [[kamma palupa vs uttana palupa jeevi]] so why not write our own future ourselves ; that’s the best way to PREDICT the future anyways. be the uttana palupa jeevi who will strive, use whatever tools and efforts 







# Updates




Should the whole day feel difficult? No, I don't think that's necessary. But a good day — a meaningful and fulfilling day — requires small moments of discomfort. Growth demands discomfort. We need something to push against to learn how strong we can become."
