---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts



turning around the situation on its head

1. Abacus.AI : this tool 10 dollar a month subscription seem to allow me to get what I need including youtube videos. RouteLLM seems to do a pretty good job in finding the correct LM to help me do the accurate job, and I got claude to do the react app for interaction and learn. so thinngs are OK. Need to learn more on the AI Engineer feature to develop agents and I can do that slowly. Now I need to slow down on the hunt for that perfect subscription and work on this and do some real work. Additionally remember to log every output in the google drive especially deep researches I do. 
2. Msty promises quite a bit and let me interact with the Obsidian vault. However the outcome is not fantastic. But the promise is. According to a OLLAMA founding team member who makes youtube videos, this implementation is the best he has seen to use OLLAMA with local ai. I think where Msty comes in is the private nature of the data. If there are sensitive data like obsidian vaults, or other folders, I can use that. but there are issues about accuracy. Should I pay that 189 USD for the lifetime access? Something to ponder. Since Already I am paying for Abacus Ai it may be superfluous, however remember Abacus AI is not private. there may be things that I dont want the world to know and the price of the AI might rise with time. when the USD is down it may be a good idea to pay and fix it. 
3. Re Apsara's accident: I was presently suprised and flattered when Prasanna (Ex Bamabalapitiya OIC ) brought the Driver's License straight to my consultation room and handed over to Apsara herself. She was very happy. Then Sheshan Nernajan called in the evening too. It showed my power to her. I am very happy that I could be of some help to her who has made me who I am.


had a discussion with a physiotherapist at Nawaloka and she gave me some posture advise. 
Met Harindu and Punsith and realised there is clearly two schools of thoughts. I as usual decide for my self and act upon my conviction considering everyone elses opinion







