---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts



Today is Apsaras birthday 
Another important thing is today is Duruthu poya day

These are the important resolutions

1. My journey from here onwards will be poya to poya chronicled
2. Day will be started with meditations and stretching 
3. Iriyapathasathi will continue
4. Indrakheela prathipada
5. Role based Ai improvements [[12-01-2025#**Roles and Responsibilities**]]
6. Will find out in my roles where I am powerful already and incorporate Ai for that
7. There will be a definitive time for reasearch but most of the time should be spent on doing
8. Mahaggatha sitha [[24-06-2024]] chitthan Rakkegha medhavi 
9. Use Rajadhani Estate to achieve mental and intellectual power
10. Financial clarity

Let’s craft a fantastic birthday wish

My dearest SuduManike

Today holds a significant day for YOU  as it is your birthday. Happy Birthday! May this birthday brings you peace of mind, tranquility, happiness, health, wealth and success in all your endeavors!

By the way  it is a very significant day for ME as well. It is my sansaric companion’s birthday. So I will state my eternal wish (rather selfishly )
Be mine forever and thereafter!

Theruwan saranai

[[Wedding anniversary2024]]
[[wedding anniversary2022]]




One important concept that came into my attention is that when we use AI the quality of input is going to determine the quality of the output pretty obvious but often neglected 

Input —> Process —> gather insights —> reflect and create

So instead of asking the LLM to do the entire thing we can do some work and create quality input and then process using NotebookLM and then work with insights and create obsidian notes. 
I have a Zotero collection already developed with a collection of ebooks so when needing further processing I can use this workflow. The mistake is thinking that we are starting at the beginning all the time. No we have some knowledge already and let’s build on that

This workflow is reinforced by https://youtu.be/yqq_U2fxd2U?si=i1Rl5oiNog2qR3ZX

I did a study on allergic rhinitis using this and following are couple of atomic notes


[[epicutanous immunotherapy EPIT]]


