---
type: newjournal
---


# Thoughts


1. this new situation with director post offering is causing ripples in my thought stream. However since I have already committed, should proceed without hesitation. Prof Arjuna approved as well. Take it with responsibility and do whatever you need to do. 
2. Re: Edmonton apartment, I have an issue regarding long term problems that it might bring like tenants not paying bills on-time, sewerage transportation, poor maintenance of the facilities. Therefore I want to upgrade it to a better apartment. That's why I want to sell that and buy a better one if possible. Negatives of selling that are it has a larger square footage, marvellous location central to so many things, hassle of selling and settling loans etc. 
	1. Speak with Dhanushka
	2. See the market value 
	3. See whether there is an option to upgrade
	4. If so execute?
	5. Think of Air BNB?
3. Education is progressing, there is a dip soon after the oration. The oration was well received.
4. Meditation and Dhamma practice has to be expanded. 
5. Macha tea is very good keep you up for a long time. In fact I did the entire kitchen including the waste disposal at midnight swept the apartment and helped Apsara rest.
6. Gold investments will continue to happen. Thought of investing further 1.8M



# Daily questions

Did I do an ANKI ? #didIlearn:
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:
Did I sathi nimiththa today? #panchabala:
Did I walk and stretch today? #exercise:



