---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts


I am organizing my workflows so that I am able to work efficiently 
I have created workstation now. I have my iPad as the portable computing device, Mac mini as the home computer, MacBook Pro as the portable super power stationed at Benz and iPhone as the glue that binds everything together. With these devices geniusly positioned I have following software incorporated to do the work.

Obsidian my knowledge and knowledge1ForKoofr As the collection of my data across devices
Apple Notes as the preferred Mode of collecting fleeting notes and work as an easel
Apple Freeform, as the thinking partner
Google workspace as the output and i have divided lakshent and lakshan as the personal and professional workspaces. (I purposefully will keep this out of apple ecosystem as this way I am platform agnostic )
Zotero as the reference manager
Things as the todo list I am considering reminders as well seem to integrate well 
Calendar synced with apple and google to schedule things


So with above setup I hope I can be of use to the world. 
Let’s see.

## 2024-10-16


## 1. Clinical work

	channels : full
	oDoc : 0
	audio : 0
	surgeries : FESS polypectomy and septoplasty
	postop : Thyroid
	Inward patients: 
	Referrals: 
	Endoscopies:

-----------------------------------------------------------------


## 2. Administration

- [x] Mail
- [ ] Things
- [ ] Calendar


------------------------------------------------------------------------

## 3. Schedule


| Time                                    | Notes |
| --------------------------------------- | ----- |
| Morning 5 - 9                           |       |
| Clinical Work 9 -12                     |       |
| Surgeries 12 - 2                        |       |
| Recovery 2 - 3:30                       |       |
| Evening Session 3:30 -6:30              |       |
| Tidying Up Work and planning 6:30 -7:00 |       |
| Evening 8 - 10                          |       |
| Sleep 10 - 4:30                         |       |

One of the important considerations to remember is that i need not spend a long time deep diving in these tools. remember the Pareto principle? Try to maximize the 20 percent that works. That is enough. trying to learn everything may not be that important. At the same time have the intelligence to decide how much time you should invest there,

Important. 

Also make sure most of the inquiry goes to native apps, as there are engrained in to the os, and the “ecosystem “






[[How to maximize mental energy throughout the day]]

