---
type: newjournal
---


# Thoughts

Developing / crafting my life
there is this newly invigorated attempt in writing/typing. I believe that this will help in my speaking as well. Well developed writing skills should help me to think clearly and as a direct consequence, better speaking. I am in a quest to improve my communication this year. I am exploring possibilities and opportunities. couple of things that has caught my attention over the past week are as follows:

1. mini essays. : this is a form of short writings. the effect intended is what i have mentioned in the top 
2. writing to learn : came across the book title, got a copy and didn't find the read to interesting and engaging, may be its just me as I was not the usual developed or absorbing self I usually am. 
3. video editing: I am interested in online teaching. the areas I want to expound are patient education, skill development, obsidian, zotero reference management etc. There is this plugin in came across. pdf++ should give it a try. I have sort of come to the semi conclusion, that Keynote Imovie combination is the best possible option for me simply because they are already available in full versions and get the work done for my specific requirements. 


crafting the hobbies so that time is spent wisely 


# Daily questions

Did I do an ANKI ? #didIlearn:0
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:9
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:9
Did I sathi nimiththa today? #panchabala:7
Did I walk and stretch today? #exercise:9



