---
type: newjournal
---


# Thoughts

There are couple of gaps in the past few days. Apologies for that. Will try to sort this problem out. About the Scientific Lakshan program, there is persistence. I am researching for the lecture on AI, therefore I am progressing little bit on that front.

Processing Things3 fairly regularly too. 

Finished reading Awaken Your Genius book and some improvement in Natural Intelligence as well.

After having the vertigo episode [[15-01-2024]] and bit busy clinical schedule, i was really tired, I felt headachy when driving the other day. There is echymosis on the left forearm. Neck is giving trouble and some feet numbness. All these are pointers to the fragility of my existence. So there should be a hurry towards the realisation. I went to Vajiraramaya yesterday and carved the idea deep into my mind that Buddhist Philosophy should be at the forefront my existence. 

The experience I had with Yehan and Loku Malli's family coming "uninvited", brought on some important discussions about preferences and need to recover in our lives. the principles that govern our decision making. The dream the showed a hint of Apsara requesting to leave me may be based on that incidence. 

I need to steer back and take control and I will.




# Daily questions

Did I learn ? #didIlearn:8
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:8
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:7
Did I practice panchabala today? #panchabala:7
Did I reflect on to practice today? #reflect-onto-practice:6
Did I exercise today? #exercise:8



