---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts

Its clearly evident that I will have to stick to obsidian desktop version which is the powerhouse of my thinking, Although i have organised it to sync with google drive. whatever the attempts that I do to access it [[19-01-2025#Ways to access obsidian knowledge]]

There are other issues with working with AI and obsidian knowledge base. but I will not give up. I will try my level best to continue my learning. 

7:33

Its new education revival week
remember [[Scientific Lakshan.canvas|Scientific Lakshan]]

similarly I am going to work on my academic activities. 
I will keep things really simple
obsidian will be my journalling app
and also my knowledge base
this will chronicle things that happened.


NHREF will be my educational portatl
I will help doctors medical students nurses allied professionals to learn and thrive through my efforts and teaching abilities. I will try to take it to the best possible level

I will improve academically as well
obsidian zotero and (anki) pathway will be there to help me. 


Lets not over complicate the vault
lets work from here

this is the workflow

I think in Obsidian
create the content in Google Drive Professional Drive
there will be a folder for each event /Item

2:49

couple of important developments
met Shiva
	he seems to be young and ambitious and knowlegeable enough
	if he is interested and keen this is good enough
paid Ac payments
paid Damabadeniya Kutiya final payments

Showed family around in my room 1117
and started typing this. the new way of working !










