---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts


wonderful day
realised that I need to work on developing mental muscle and need to battle out 
there are problems and there will be problems. 
I will battle it out. 
no other option anyways. 
I trust that everything will turn out to be OK. 

this typing is done offline at a coffeeshop called ibsons choice. so far the experience is ok. 
Ovindi has got to know that there is a small squint in the eyes and was advised to stay away from excessive phone use. Isn't it a blessing in disguise?


I did the first Grand Rounds lecture presentation today. there are so many things to learn. 

Additionally there are so many opportunities for growth. 

How I should see these changes are as opportunities. I am not perfect anyways, and there will some complications in the outcome. there was no problem with the thyroid, there were no problems with the MMAs! True the septoplasty lady thinks her nose is crooked and stapes patients is not balanced. I know grate srugeons who had to see their patients have complications. I also learnt how even the most senior surgeons are not comfortable with the possible bad outcomes and were on tentacles. 


I just want to have a very strong mind and the way to do that is to expand cautiously. expand the comfort zone slowly but surely. Just like as I did now, I will battle all the problems like a true warrior I will battle it out as my patients need me as I would like to think.

how should I proceed? Should I leave this world with a weak mind ? or should I be a reckless surgeon? incompetent non confident one?  what is the boundary ? when should I say I cant? when that little voice say no? isnt it the same cowardly voice? or ralistic voice ? how do we decide? may be objectively judging by the past experiences? I think as far as the stapedectomy goes it may be a no go for the moment? shouldnt I try at Akram's place? A less stake ground? I dont think that is fair by that patient either? if I look at my outcomes of the stapes it seem to be a difficult surgery now but in the future if I keep on practicing, I will be able to master it. when I look at the positive outcomes I had with my patients it is one of the most rewarding surgeries. 


# Updates





