---
type: newjournal
Quote:
---


# Thoughts

POSON poya day 
Today  marks  the day when Buddha's Philosophy intermingled with material world's arts and crafts in Sri Lanka. 
When Arhant Mahinda showed the path to Sri Lankans on a Poson Poya day the entire pathway of Sri Lankan economy changed. 
Similarly I will incoroporate what I have gathered over the years and especially over the last month with the help of Indrakheelaya [[24-05-2024]]

Important realisations that came about over the lastdays:

1. especially after the Kurunegala Medical Society Lecture : I have renewed interest in Google Classroom concept for my teachings. Advantages: will have all the details necessary for future lectures, can be able to monetise if needed. etc.  https://www.perplexity.ai/page/I-Am-a-xT2iMNooTAyOtWnAahXICA
2. Streaks app is helpful : lets create the [[List of Tiny Habit Recipes That I would like to incorporate - April 2024]] and work on it. 
3. Interval Walking Training is great! lets incoporate that as the main exercise regime for me. 
4. Please look after your diet!
5. There were some interesting discussions on Money by Morgan Housel on the knowlege project podcast. Some of the things that I want to [[some takeaways from the Morgan Housel interview on the knowledge project]]
6. 




# Daily questions

Did I do an ANKI ? #didIlearn:
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:
Did I sathi nimiththa today? #panchabala:
Did I walk and stretch today? #exercise:



