---
type: newjournal
---


# Thoughts



[[practice unreasonable hospitality]]

On the break I got with the presidential election from last evening, I am experimenting with various possible life enhacements. 

Number One thing perhaps is the encoroprating visual code and APIs from open ai and clade, and fabric to think on visual code. Soon I will get it to do stuff with python code as well. with the amount of coginitive work I do with that simple frame work I can keep my brain sharp.
the outcome will be saved to lakshan obsidian vault to be be further synthesised or is it superfluous? Why dont I output that to the knowledge vault itself and keep it there until I process fully and make permanent notes with that. This is just a superb work flow! I can do that to research papers URL etc etc. very clean and with the help of pandoc or just simple copy and paste I can send to the work to Google Drive to be shared to world after polishing. 


Lets give it a try for next 10 minutes.
It worked. I was able to export everything from the terminal within vscode to obsidian PVT. this is a pivotal moment in my output to the world. I hope. I will think and synthesize within vscode environment on various material and then export the gold to the PVT from where I will start creating atomic notes. 


I was able to update the mac settings by watching this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GK7zLYAXdDs

now I have a simple workflow. I will use vs code simply because it gives me a simple markdown editor with a terminal which Obsidian cannot give access to. or is it ? It is not actually I can use terminal within obsidian! now i can use ai and terminal all inside obsidian to help me think at the end of processing I will create atomic note


