---
type: newjournal
Quote:
---


# Thoughts


Post vesak day 2024

need to jot down a summary of everything that happened on the vesak day and also the events leading to it.

There is renewed interest in the spiritual development. 
with the help of Ududumbara Kashyapa thero' ssermons on Karamaya Chiththaya and Indrakheelaya, I thought of strenghtening my existence as well. He spoke about a Prathyaweksha satahana, creating powerful imagery first thing in the moring and having a planned week.  this is an important concept. Lets try to create "the planned week concept". lets have the mental imagery as the first thing in the morning, how I am a mentally strong very powerful person facing the ups and downs of life with equanimity beaming with confidence and aura surrounding him a feat achieved by constant meditation and contemplation and practicing pancha bala [[My 5 principles and practices of character building]]

Very powerful AI practictioner, knowing how to use the power of this technology in his daily activities both professional and personal

with the karaneeya metta sutta virtues [[Karaniya metta sutta virtues]] I am positioned to move towards the ideal character. 

1. I will visualise how I have achieved this situation and work smartly for it
2. I will create ritual where I reinforce my mental energy field with every act of merit

The unfolding of the Vesak day, following events happened

1. meditated 
2. Sambuddha Pooja lighting of my decorations
3. Exercise 
4. breakfast with Apsara Pan Pan and Barista
5. Looking after a patient without much mental disturbance
6. not getting disturbed by closed ones behaviours and practiced solitude
7. Gangarama Visit and meditation
8. driving very carefully and skilfully 
9. Pahan Pooja at Home
10. Bakthi Geetha at Home
11. Listening to Dhamma sermons
12. Taking mother and Latha with kids for a round
13. Vajiraramaya visit and worshiping
14. vegetarian dinner and generous gift to a waiter and Latha
15. Blessings of Mother for the act and mentioning of the song hari hamba karapu dewal duk mahansiyen 

slept close to 2 but not exhausted. This hi energy field is very palpable. 
going fowards this is how i plan to proceed
Next month that is time from now on to Poson Poya I will practice the points 
that I learnt,


1. Early morning 4 am getting up
2. 5 minutes visualisation
3. Meditation for 25 minutes
4. Learn for 25 minutes
5. AI hour 2 to 3 pm on work days
6. walking stretching 7:30 to 8:30
7. reading 8:30 to 9:00
8. meditation 9:30 to 10:00



| Monday        | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday    | Sundary            |
| ------------- | ------- | --------- | -------- | ------ | ----------- | ------------------ |
| Clinical Work |         |           |          |        |             | Planning Morning   |
|               |         |           |          |        | Family Work | Relaxation evening |
|               |         |           |          |        |             |                    |







the tools i will use
iPhone
macbook pro
external screen for creations
bag
Kindle

software 
OBSIDIAN
things3
google calendar
google workspace
vscode
























# Daily questions

Did I do an ANKI ? #didIlearn:
Did I practice a growth mindset today? #growthmindset:
Did I consume mindfully today? #consume-mindfully:
Did I sathi nimiththa today? #panchabala:
Did I walk and stretch today? #exercise:



