---
type: newjournal
---

<!--section: 1-->
# Thoughts



Last 6 days before dual sessions and surgeries start
A very gradual "not too fast not too slow" return to work

I time boxed this 10 minutes to think back and organise

when considering things I learnt, 


[[things I learnt during cervical relaxation]]

<!--section: 1.1-->
Time Boxing every morning 4:45 would be a good experiment

Timboxing as a stratergy to live an intentional life. I read a complete kindle book as well. there is incoroporation of Tiny Habits into this as well [[List of Tiny Habit Recipes That I would like to incorporate - April 2024]]

<!--section: 1.2-->
Raycast comes as the first piece of software helping me out in a great way
	1. raycast focus
	2. raycast notes
	3. clipboard
	4. quicklinks

<!--section: 1.3-->
YOU ARE ONE LEVEL ABOVE

<!--section: 1.4-->
n8n workflows
this is useful but how useful is the question. I got a chatbot to work from a pinecorn database. but the problem is the hosting cost and limited usefulness in my context. when it comes to my workflows. for eg. emails I dont want to automate replies, I dont want to message and find out things on my life I can just check the app it self, etc So need to check whether this route is really useful additioally I got Google Appscript to get the researches to calendar.

<!--section: 1.5-->
Ai research workflow on clinical things, do the ai search Google Gemini Advanced, Deep Research then feed it to NotebookLM the output in google docs saved to a particular folder for future reference and a automatic reminder will be created on the coming Sunday at 2 pm

<!--section: 1.6-->
Power of Pirith
Karanaeeya Metta Sutta
Thun Suthrya

<!--section: 1.7-->
AWS setup for Obsidian Syncing now working like a charm

<!--section: 1.8-->
Laptop stand and writing easel

<!--section: 1.9-->
Eye wear from Vision Care

<!--section: 1.10-->
Suit

<!--section: 1.11-->
ChatLLM as a paid subscription

<!--section: 1.12-->
Msty became a paid LifeLong Member

<!--section: 1.13-->
Involving with Three Academic AI inititiatives, Millitary Medicine, CORLHNS, and CCP