---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts
https://tripitaka.online/sutta/5906https://tripitaka.online/sutta/5906This is an ideal time to refine my existence. With new found workflows and optimizing of simplification of what I have I will try to be most helpful for my sadhisa 

I sorely miss the power search feature that show related notes as I write on obsidian. Hey it may be an advantage too, I do not want any distraction when I am writing. 

Please don’t change obsidian to any other note taking application! This has done wonders for me and I want to keep on using it to improve my self, now at 5 O there is no time to excessively experiment,

To my credit I have been fairly consistent in my attempts to use obsidian in every device and this Koofr thing is working reasonably well 

I also listened to Ven Ududumbara Kashyapa thero and reaslised two important things. 
First, I will practice prathyaweksha, reflection in to practice, retrospection or whatever you want to call it. Second I will not be defeated by myself. Meaning I need to be helpful for my self

Another important Dhamma point is that saptha bojjnaga Dhamma have been used to improve physical health in multiple occasions including one blessing to Buddha himself by chunda arahant thero. 


https://tripitaka.online/sutta/5906

So it is something I myself can use in life
Sathi, Dhamma vichaya , viriya, Preethi, samadhi, passaddhi, upekka 


Second thing is I got to know Nakula pithu suthrya https://tripitaka.online/sutta/3142

This sutta explores how you can keep the mind healthy when the body is sick. How timely that advice is. Most merits for Ven Dhamma sudharatha thero.

Should I have a chat with him? I think it’s even more important to have a chat with me.

So starting with the daily note page jotting down whatever comes to my mind and then working my way from there seems to be the best way forward. 

At the end of the day there will always be a trail of things I have been thinking about. 


Important consideration is about how I can improve my online services for my patients. 
[[Arogya Practice Improvement Canvas.canvas|Arogya Practice Improvement Canvas]]

This is really important another aspect that goes with this is the use of Ai technologies. Within iPad I can and am using ChatGPT, Gemini, llm connect and others to interact and then I will take it forward from there in my own thinking, please do not delegate the ultimate thinking to Ai. 

And also I need to think about how I can restart coursera learning,  one of the important realizations I am getting is this. I need to know ways in which I can practically use Ai. And in this context Jules White has been really helpful. 

‘’’dataview

table file.name as "Note Title", file.path as "Path"
from ""
where contains(text, regex("20\\d{2}"))
sort file.ctime asc


```dataview

table file.name as "Note Title", file.path as "Path"
from ""
where contains(file.name, "20")
sort file.ctime asc
```




