---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts




Deepawali day
Day of celebrations
Enlightenment 
Diyas 

I am in a Japanese restaurant in front of on320
Trying to figure out how to proceed beyond this very eventful October [[“Eventful October” 2024]]


I think now I have some idea what Ai is and some semblance of control of the situation 
Not perfect but somewhere there.
So after all the presentations [[My Ai related output - Journey]] I have a vague idea on how to proceed. 

Obsidian will always be my notetaking app. I love the pure simplicity it offers. Please do not complicate this, just make the notes. Do your whatever fun Ai things that you do over this in other platoforms eg. Cursor. I indeed am having second thoughts about smart connections plugin, however since it shows the expanded notes on the MacBook which is very helpful than the link overview of the cursor, I will keep it for the moment, I will get the markdown files synced everywhere with koofr 

Once this thought process happens, I can then liaise with production tools, mainly through the google workspace suite. If I can create a platform agnostic tool for this that will, be great too. However please don’t do everything within obsidian, people do everything though obsidian to-do,s etc etc but I think I will use it.

Regarding Zotero my thoughts are the same. I will use as my universal collection bucket. I read somewhere that I can use it as readwise as well. 
a. whats readwise?
b. how do I use it? 
Just use zotero. dont try to replicate anytihing. 


Anki, I keep realising that I don't use it as often as I should. but spaced repetition is a must to remember things. the best way forward is to incorporate spaced repetition in to Obsidian and practice it from time to time.







