---
type: newjournal
---
# Thoughts



Hi there me!

Thank you for tolerating me for another year!

2025 is just on the horizon,
I am still with obsidian I started using obsidian in OCTOBER 2021 and it is three years plus. It has held on. That means something. It just works for me. Don’t keep on experimenting . Now you are 50  [[Jack Ma way of thinking about various time phases of life]]


Now focus on my strengths and weaknesses 
Hey this is Samma Virya
උපන් කුසල් වැඩි දියුනු කිරිම ……….
අකුසල් ප්‍රහානය.  

I should focus on 

1. Buddhist principles
2. My knowledge on ENT
3. COMMUNICATION 
4. AI 
5. TEACHING


Weaknesses needing elimination

1. Food cravings
2. Lack of regular exercise 
3. Emotional regulation 
4. Incessant experimentation and trying to change tools and work flows


I propose a freeze of software and hardware updates
Stick to the iPad to carry everywhere you do,  not only this will make sure you will get the things done that you always wanted to do but also there are other benefits like pencil, touch interface and the visceral nature of interaction. Not to mention the weight advantage on mobility as well.
I will concentrate on barebone obsidian and one or two essential plugins and do my work.

I also propose a limit on information coming on your way podcasts YouTube medium etc have to be tailored so that I don’t get swayed away.

[[31-12-2023]]
[[31-12-2022]]


Another note on the obsidian. Midday again at Barista Staple street. The monk I saw in the morning clinic the Australian one who came with my Thai post Thyroidectomy patient gave me another impetus to lead the monk like lifestyle I want to persue. 

Simple solid serene life.
CALM INTELLIGENT FEARLESS
[[20-07-2024#1. Direction]]


I think distributed work schedule that I have created using iPad MacBook Pro iPhone and office computer is a great combo

Google workspace with Gemini advanced and notebooklm
If the advanced features don’t workout use basic combo 
Try to separate work and professional emails and do the notebooklms separately 




