---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Direction:

Execution of service mindset from today


------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Administration
- [x] Gmail
- [x] Calendar
- [x] Asana


-----------------------------------------------------------------

## Clinical work
	
------------------------------------------------------------------------


## What need to be achieved today:

To do:
- [ ] refocusing of service
- [ ] use chatgpt for communication
- [ ] 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Thoughts:

this is another month, ideal start POYA and the 1st of the Month. When I look at the last couple of months, there is a strange but great trend/pattern. I was given two life threatening diagnoses back in April, I started working on me. First I got my physical health sorted out to the best of my ability and started a few healthy habits like daily excercising and moderation in consumption. took a stock of life and entered May (Vesak) [[05-05-23]] where Sathipattana sutta was refocussed as the main method of development. Mahastupa wandanawa helped April30/May I (by the way google photos is a great way to search for the events - that is how I found this date).
Then in month of June (Poson Poya) I developed Arogya with the help of chatGPT and now its working beautifully. And poson poya is the date we got lots of skills coming to our country with Arahant Mihindu [[Significance of Poson Poya]] with the skill set I managed to create a wonderful workflow for Arogya and an app to get a view of all my patients. That’s quite remarkable and now I am improving it with marginal gains. Next month was July. This is actually Esala poya and there were two Esala Poyas this year. Today is Adhi Esala Poya. This month I concentrated on academic work. I went to Anuradhapura to deliver a lecture. Did GMOA lecture. Started using Obsidian more frequently. I think I should use ChatGPT as a research partner and incorporate reading habit. Let’s plan the educational journey


