---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Direction:

educate yourself reinvent yourself and use audiobooks


------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Administration
- [x] Gmail
- [x] Calendar
- [ ] Asana


-----------------------------------------------------------------

## Clinical work
	channels : 
	oDoc :
	audio :
	surgeries
	postop
	Inward patients:
	Referrals:
	Endoscopies:

------------------------------------------------------------------------


## What need to be achieved today:

To do:
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Thoughts:

Most important thing I want to do is to use artificial intelligence and reinvent my learning and learning processes. I believe that if I continue to use these technologies, I can become more productive and happier. By the way, my definition of success, and being more productive, is that I feel comfortable living the life I live I believe if I use these artificial intelligence technologies I can achieve that one of the examples of this would be the fact that I was able to create a Google Workspace-based software solution, with this solution, I am able to prescribe legibly and add value, added features, such as inserting, a link and the referrals and feedback etc. 
Going forward I would like to add new features, which I have no clue at the moment which Billing has my patient experience I will be always on the lookout for you when you added features for my patience and incorporate that into my Arogya software one of the only things that I am interested in doing is to revamp the app and get the access to patient database through the phone

One of the major updates that I like to introduce to my life is renewed interest in continuing medical education. One of the resources that is under utilized is the American Academy lecture series. I will somehow find time I start learning from them. I’ll start making academic notes. I believe I can try and I will. 

