---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Direction:




------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Administration
- [x] Gmail
- [ ] Calendar
- [ ] Asana


-----------------------------------------------------------------

## Clinical work
	channels : 
	oDoc :
	audio :
	surgeries
	postop
	Inward patients:
	Referrals:
	Endoscopies:

------------------------------------------------------------------------


## What need to be achieved today:

To do:
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Thoughts:

Today is Sudu Chooti's birthday. 
For the first time in our life we are having a party at Water's Edge a Five start hotel. Minudi is a different kind of kid. A very gifted and meritorious Need to inculcate the idea that she will have to maintain good karma if she is ensure these are flowing to her.


I want to discuss couple of things. first my decision to buy TriZen. first of all I think its a value holding investment. And I like the fact that all the amneties being pooled together so that the tenants get the facilties. This is as opposed to a solitary apartment where living is considered. I know it may not be correct to think that way but why do I do this? This is an investment. No to live. I am buying something that I can easily sell / rent as a mode of income.

The question is what to buy as in which floor which type.
Next would be to decide how to finance it? Is it by way of a bank loan or converting gold to cash. Prashanth says that it will be best to wait till october mid. which I don't know why. he says he will buy 400g a day like serially. so over a period of 2 weeks I need to sell. So this shows something to me. I can take about 8M a day with gold in a hurry. Any amount anytime promise is a bull.

On the other hand I think a loan would be a good option too. There seem to be little to none friction but there will be other costs. like legal fees, stamp duties, loan fees insurance etc.  Need to calculate the pros and cons and decide. 

Snake.

I was confronted by a snake at the bathroom at Kadawatha. I heard the hiss repeatedly to see a small cobra aiming at me. I had to devise many ways including broom, bin sprays etc to extricate myself. Showed that I have some resilence too. at the sametime it showed how impermanent life can be. Whatever I do need to always think that my existence in this world is temporary. 

Went to Dambadeniya on Sunday

Meditated and participated in the Diya Kapeeme Mangallaya and felt really good about it. Looked after mother well.

Two Daughters

Ovindi is changing dramatically and for better. She is becoming more and more religious. Minudi was showing some unfreindly behaviour but she is changing too.


Arogya

I have to do some minor tweaks. All in all its working but can do better

Asana

It is vital to process this and more time i spend on this more productive I will become. Lets process that.

