---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---
06-02-2023 : 06:38
> A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
<cite>Chanakya</cite>

---

## Direction:

The Buddhist



## What need to be achieved today:

To do:

Ruwan Mali Maha Stupa Wandanawa and Adhishtana Pihituweema

Persistence of Education


## Clinical work
channels : 
oDoc :
audio :

surgeries


postop


Inward patients:



Referrals:



Endoscopies:




Thoughts:

With the rise of artificial intelligence, there is an abundance of opportunity for developing myself. 
[[chatGPT and AI based improvements in my life - the continuous log book]]
I will use it mainly to improve my English and professional communications. There might be other implications that I will learn about. 
However my journey to continuously improve my practice will go on.

Returned from Anuradhapura. Took Mother, Apsara, two daughters in Benzi. It was a delightful ride without much tiredness. 

I meditated in front of Mahastupa and saw multicoloured Budu Ras. Adhishtana pihituweema to be a real Buddhist was done and donated to Stupa

On the way, I helped a poor woman with a son/daughter asking for a drink which she could not afford and the little girl to whom I donated books and pens. 

Mother is always whining about the lack of facilities to Chanuthmi et al. I do help them and of course I cant take the full responsibility for their lives and it is unfair to always put negativity to our happiness. 

But this is what I realised, we need to have solid state mind that doesnt get perturbed by external factors. 