---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---
10-03-2023 : 04:52
{{qotd}}
## Direction:

charachter building as a surgeon warrior





## Clinical work

- [x] gmail

- [x] calendar

- [x] Asana

channels : 12 + 5
oDoc :
audio :

surgeries
FESS
EUA
Grommet
FESS
Pituitary

postop

Pituitary

Inward patients:



Referrals:



Endoscopies:




## What need to be achieved today:

To do:
- [ ] clinical work
- [ ] 
- [ ] 



Thoughts:

Starting the pituitary work
Be the Srugeon you want to be

Note made at 10:20 pm

Today is a happy day for me as a surgeon
Did the transphenoidal pituitary surgery asssted Dr Himashi Kulartna who was very happy about the way I did it.
This is the beginning of a new charachter
All the best






### Flashcards #flashcards/Neurosurgery

Transsphenoidal cyst drainage and biopsy of the wall are required for ==Rathke pouch cysts==. Who historically used open approaches to the sphenoid sinus?::Neurosurgeons, for pituitary surgery.
<!--SR:!2025-11-06,12,270-->

What two critical structures, often making indentations in the sphenoid sinus wall, are at high risk of injury during transsphenoidal surgery?

1. Internal Carotid Artery (ICA)
2. Optic Nerve

The ==Maxillary division of CN V (V2)== and the ==vidian nerve== may make indentations in the sphenoid sinus cavity. What condition increases the risk of pterygoid (vidian) canal injury during sphenoid surgery?::Extensive lateral pneumatization of the sphenoid. What is the primary danger of unrecognized sphenoethmoidal (Onodi) cells during sphenoid surgery?::They increase the risk of anterior skull base penetration and injury to the optic nerve/carotid artery. The radiation dose limit for the pituitary and hypothalamus is set at ==<40 Gy==.
<!--SR:!2025-11-05,11,270-->

What are the three incision types that can be used for a Transseptal open approach to the sphenoid sinus?

1. Endonasal
2. Sublabial
3. Transcolumellar

Which surgical approach provides the widest access for lesions with extension medial to the carotid?::Transnasal approaches.
<!--SR:!2025-11-05,11,270-->