---
type: journal
category: daily-note 

---
15-01-2023 : 07:52
> All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
<cite>Teresa of Ávila</cite>


## Direction:

Improving my learning journey through Obsidian refining. 



## What need to be achieved today:
1. Create a great learning pathway




## Clinical work
channels :
oDoc :
audio :

surgeries


postop


Inward patients:


Referrals:



Endoscopies:





Thoughts:


Spaced repition is great [[Spaced Repetition]]
However I have Anki as different app with great spaced repition algorithm and obsidian with a community plugin. The question is which one should I use.

Anki
Problem I see with this approach is I need to fire up another software to make them. However making them is quite detailed and super fun there is its own [[Principles of Zettlekasten notes of Niklas Luhmann]] linking happening and it has a great mobile app. 

Obsidian 
This will provide the platform to do it within my learning environment
and it is a simple method

Plan:

Over the past year I saw that although I create Obsidian notes I dont make as much Anki cards. Lets try obsidian flash carding now and see whether it is useful
I feel notes review is a great starting point

*update*
I find Anki to be more useful especially with the Search PDF addon
I will use ANKI for spaced repition
that will not make the Obsidian note crowded as well





Other factor I need to workout is a method for utilising AMW lectures. I can download the videos as the availability is time sensitive - for three years from the event. or just try and review them within the time.

Resources I have are 
Zotero, Obsidian and Anki

Zotero is my collection bucket. there are so many advantages of that I dont want to dwelve in to now. The question is how can I use Zotero to collect and categorise these content? Lets go to the Zotero interface. 

So did some work and came up this solution.

Search in the AMW lecrure series for the topic of interest. 
Download it
make it smaller using Handbrake

Go to the Zotero app
Create a video post
Add the edited video
Do the manage attachment thing and move the file to Megasync Zotero lIbrary

In the Zotero app for the Abstract portion, save the abstract from the website

Now its searchable from the Zotero App
Available whereever Megasync is there
Permenantly available even after 3 year limit
can be referenced from Obsidian

_Avoiding Sinus Surgery Complications AMW 2022_. n.d.
[@AvoidingSinusSurgery](zotero://select/items/@AvoidingSinusSurgery)



