---
type: journal
category: daily-note 

---
16-01-2023 : 05:52
> Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
<cite>Ellen Gilchrist</cite>



## Direction:

Further learning


## What need to be achieved today:

1. Get Ready for the Labor Dispute
2. Update the Website
3. Collect OT / ETU Money



## Clinical work
channels : 13 + 12
oDoc : 1 
audio :

surgeries


postop


Inward patients:


Referrals:



Endoscopies:




Thoughts:

We will further refine my practice
The lull I experience can be used to improve my practice and charachter
lets be healthy for the rest of my life.

*update*
Bought a phone. Pixel 6a I feel I will benefit from this.
How do you intend to do this. 
a. I need a way to improve my Dhamma Journey with this. May be Sinhala typing Katukurunde Himi Dhamma deshana
b. Take lots of photos. 
c. calls and transcribe and search a lot.
should I use a different identitiy than lakshent is the question? 
Advantages of using lakshent 
1. google one membership
2. all my previous data will be there
3. gmail use and maps use

Main disadvantage is exposure of the my personal details and preference.

How should I use the phones?
1. Work and private phones seperately
2. Pixel will be my personal phone
3. if I plan to use banking apps its gonna be 1919 if not dialog number can be used

This is exactly how I am planning to use it. Keep the pixel with me now with a prepaid connection and work and learn data plan so that I can be contactable by loved ones and at the same time not being disturbed by work and unnessary personal calls








q.
1. does the back get scratched easily
2.  