---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Direction:

Clarity, confidence, courage


------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Administration
- [x] Gmail
- [ ] Calendar
- [ ] Asana


-----------------------------------------------------------------

## Clinical work
	channels : 
	oDoc :
	audio :
	surgeries
	postop
	Inward patients:
	Referrals:
	Endoscopies:

------------------------------------------------------------------------


## What need to be achieved today:

To do:
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Thoughts:

Slowing down, organizing and reorientation of life. The new way of consultation practice, I am developing strategies on how to get the best use of my life/time  
  
I have reduced the number of appointments that I give per day. Nevertheless, reaching about 8 to 90% of the previous practice with added advantage of getting numbers out of the usual taxation method. This will in long term help me. I hope to have an organized practice with a reasonable income and at the same time giving me some breathing space and improve the quality of care for my patients .
  
I have slowly developed a software using google workspace and that is helping me to achieve following functions  
  
First I can now give a printed prescriptions that helps to improve the outcome of my consultation and also remove ambiguity of my wrtings. At the same time I can have a digital copy of the prescription e with me and also with the patient. And it also has the ability to email the prescription directly to the patient so that they can show this to pharmacies and give them medications. It's a work in progress and I have to find you and update the software as I go alone and I have a feeling that in time it will mature into reasonable software and can be helpful for other clinicians who wants to adopt it as well!  
  
At the same time I am developing spiritually, especially Sathi Nimitta. I'm also listening to some deep dhamma sermons and I feel that my clarity of thought is improving. 

The other day I was listening to a podcast and the discussion was about a book. The title of which is in the line of "finding the life that you deserve by focusing on clarity, confidence, and courage". And it actually focuses on how we can do this by various strategies. And one of the important thing is to to initially stop and then think about these factors and take it forward from there.  


That is exactly what  happened in my life.  When confronted with life threatening diagnoses I had to stop. I stopped what I have been doing  and took a stock. Then I rebooted and slowly started my activities. I want to develop in all aspects of my life spiritual, physical, financial and professional. 
  
Professional development : This is one of the areas that I need to concentrate upon. I feel that there is a a bit of a slack in reading on professional matters and making notes in my obsidian board vault and this is an area where I need to emphasise in my work because at the end of the day more I learn more service that I can give to my patients.
  
My life's mission is to deliver world class, ear, nose, throat services to my patients and with the available resources, I am delivering quite an impressive service to my patients. Patients appreciate what I do. 

So in the new chapter of my life - one might call it-  I have got a reasonable or an excellent control of my physical well-being with a spiritual orientation and reasonable practice. Would like to have a sustainable lifestyle where I feel contented and most importantly I will achieve the spiritual landmarks I always wished to achieve.

