---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---
19-03-23 : 05:05
{{qotd}}
## Direction:






	
## Clinical work

- [x] gmail

- [x] calendar

- [x] Asana

channels : 0
oDoc :0
audio :

surgeries

0
postop
0

Inward patients:
0


Referrals:



Endoscopies:




## What need to be achieved today:

To do:
- [ ] Revival of estates
- [ ] 
- [ ] 



Thoughts:

Need to start learning Google Workspace and plantation


Update in the night

It was a peaceful and productive day.
Journey with Kalum was very productive in many ways. I got up at 4:30, with my mother both of us went to Kalum's place and then to Kadawatha to drop mother, from there to Ehaliyagoda. Had a lovely breakfast and unintentional boasting and a chat with mr Wijethilaka? owner of Ranmuthu
Then we went to Gomaragala Estate on the way meeting Harshan and handing over the documents. At Gomaragala Kalum had a look and we were introduced to the possibility of expansion. I liked the view and if it comes to good deal I may buy it too. Then we went to Rajadhani Estate and on the way had king coconut drinks. Coconut produce was collected and overall he is happy about the locations and way of cultivation. I may expand and keep them as tax methodologies. On our way went to Wijayasundararamaya and Thun Helaye Rasa Bojun and handed over produce to mother and came to Apartment and on the way got the stuff needed for Minudi from Expographics and Glomark.
Wow what a wonderful productive trip!







achievements:


1. concept of customer journey
2. signing of the document by wijethilaka 
3. laynig of framework for Gamini's contract planning
4. got ideas about plantation expansions
5. gave documents to Harshan to analyse and get ready for the EPF dispute


lessons: 

Customer Journey concept
Approval of usefulness of the software concept I have about telecom solution I am building with Google Workspace
Detailed discussion about Dhamma
Detailed discussion about retirement planning : creating profit making ventures from existing assets
Three crucial points : plucking, counting and sorting


next steps:

1. get details about the deeds etc from Nimal Ayya
2. Call CRI director on Mrs Sanathani 0777131924 and organise for soil testing
3. Learn about the crop and plantation basics
4. Plan out a method of profit sharing for betel with Gamini
5. Revive mangofirm and use that as a tax vehicle
6. possibility of developing a small brickbased structure to stay at Dambadeniya and wood based structure in Ehaliyagoda
7. create and expand on AirBNB concept a hospitality driven income generation
8. create profit generating assets from what I have

