---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Direction:


improving practice

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Administration
- [x] Gmail
- [x] Calendar
- [x] Asana


-----------------------------------------------------------------

## Clinical work
	channels : 10+5 full. --> 40
	oDoc : 0
	audio : 0
	surgeries: FESS MMA
	postop : 
	Inward patients:
	Referrals:
	Endoscopies: ?Endoscopy

------------------------------------------------------------------------


## What need to be achieved today:

To do:
- [ ] clinical work
- [ ] Theater Meeting after Surgery
- [ ] schedule upgrading
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Thoughts:

there is a contentious issue of appointment numbers. When I did the maths, it was clear that my income (take home) is better even though the numbers are slightly lower. There is a grumble by the patients that they cant take an appointment. so the problem is to make the appointment taking process easier. so is it making everything unlimited or make it easier to take an extra appointment? why not create ACBH system again. and in the morning calling them and confirming? it will be easier and there will be no misses. any number of ACBHs and when giving ACBHs set of instructions can be given that your appointment is a temporary one and you need to confirm it. and we can give a printed instruction sheet to the call center as well. 


Update: 

Met Dinesh, Thilina, Nadeesha and my team and discussed. This is how it is going to happen. The numbers will be about 25 each sessions (8:30 and 3Pm). ACB allowed but with instructions to get a physical appointment at the counter prior to the appointment time Additionally when the allocated number is gone above, they will be manually allowed to get an appointment and at the end of the sessions, extra patients will be cancelled. And we need to make sure proper counting is done. Also access to appointments are done through the computer system at the room 949 office too.
Lets hope this works and improve my care to the patient (and my income too!)


