---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
aliases: 
---
2023-03-26 : 06:10


## How was last week?



hectic although less clinical work
there is misdirection and misguidane and overall confusion over the out patient appointment system
I am trying to minimise the tax unfairly posted on us by showing less transparent practices. (I see that is happening with Dr Jha as well. )
evolution took a path like follows:
1. limitation of ACBH numbers : this was done primarily to prevent unnecessary bookings and mopping up genuine appoinmtment slots : this approach caused about 10 percent drop of practice
2. made the visible appoitments 10 + 5 and made the others manual: this empowered initially S and then M to take control of the appointments. A further drop as patients were not so bothered to call again and again and get an apointments
3. then made for appointment slots like follows:
	1. 9 am
	2. 10 am
	3. 4 pm
	4. 5 pm
		then 10am and 5pm appointment slots were cancelled and the cash collected was given as a manual payment
		problems with this apporoach
		1. no arrival notice and the patients request such
		2. repeated cancellations can become suspicious. 
			1. however there want to be trace as that happens on the day and canno t be viewed to the past
			2. don't know still possible
4. problems that need to be sorted
	1. how to create a simple patient journey on getting an appointment
	2. minimise the visible number of appointments



The other aspect is digital web presence
I managed to set up health.lk successfully
however there is still some hiccoughs eg. mail server not working
need to attend that
I think one of the best things it can offer is appointment scheduling with telemedicine  portal. If you believe in it go ahead else just dont bother



Prescription template has resurfaced


## Whats the next week like?



- [ ] Surgeries entered
- [ ] Videos created
- [ ] Channels entered
- [ ] Room cleaned
- [ ] Bathroom cleaned
- [ ] Clothes washed
- [ ] Groceries Done
- [ ] Laptop cleaned


