---
type: journal
category: daily-note 
---

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Direction:


Reevaluation and winning the day

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Administration
- [ ] Gmail
- [ ] Calendar
- [ ] Asana


-----------------------------------------------------------------

## Clinical work
	channels : 20 full
	oDoc : 0 
	audio : 0
	surgeries : 0
	postop : FESS Thyroid Ads + Ts Thyroid = 200,000 + 80,000+ 70,000 ( doubled)
	Inward patients: 
	Referrals: 
	Endoscopies: MICU endoscopy at 12:15 (11:30)

------------------------------------------------------------------------


## What need to be achieved today:

To do:
- [ ] Correct programming errors and deploy
- [ ] Management advisory meeting ? should I demonstrate LLM?
- [ ] Finances
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Thoughts:

Must write about 27th June 2023. What a wonderful day. Lets chronicle what I have done.
Started work early by getting up around 4:30, did an excellent thyroid lobectomy with RLN dissection with Akram, then managed stressors of potential bleeding of pack removal MICU patient issues, not working PMS (form going to the older account), a patient coming for surgery without informing, then seeing patients with limiting numbers still seeing 37, doing two lunch time surgeries Ts + As + FESS, and 4 endoscopy procedures then after having a recovery nap of 15m and attending to channels again, showed Bimantha a great possibility, went to on320 and studied with Ovindi, completed two surgery videos, went to gym, listened to a podcast and had a "high performing" activity at the end. although PMS didn't work at the end, it was taken positively. I will with the help of my team achieve great strides in my professional life.
and started using the bag, thilina gave me.
Why are the delaying the resident's payment? Time to be independant?


Lets regularly do this reflection and perfect my life. 

[[My 5 principles and practices of character building]]