
the concept is where a physician suffers deep distress and psychological harm that can result from being unable to provide high-quality are to patients due to sytemic constrains, like time pressure, beuricratic demands and financial constrains.


difficult to explain symptoms


Ref


The concept of "moral injury" in context of healthcare and physician workforce was introduced in 2016 in a paper entitled, "Moral Stress, Moral Practice and Ethical Climate in Primary Care" by Dr. Wendy Dean and Dr. Simon Talbot.  It is an adaptation of the concept of moral injury that has been described in military veterans who have been required to act against their moral convictions in the course of combat or military action.  The concept is extended to physicians "to describe the deep distress and psychological harm that can result from being unable to provide high-quality care to patients due to systemic constraints, such as time pressures, bureaucratic demands, and financial considerations."<br><br>I have spent the past 22 years actively engaged in physician health and wellbeing initiatives.  Anyone who knows me understands that my interest in this area is a direct result of my own personal struggles, and I have written about this often.  Over the past quarter century I have watched the term "burnout" evolve from an obscure concept to a mainstream idea to a watered-down and over-used term to explain any and all distress and bad behavior.  I have a concern that the term "moral injury" is the next phrase on the list of buzz words and memes, and that it will become a watered-down and relatively meaningless concept as people throw it around like a GIF.<br><br>Personally, I have a difficult time with victimology.  This seems to be more common today than ever, with almost everyone in each corner of society crying out how they are victims of systems.  And to be sure, there are indeed victims.  But (get ready for it, because here it comes:) Many times we are the victims of our own choices and decisions.  And while everyone remembers to point a finger at the system and others around us, we often forget to account for the four fingers pointing back at ourselves.  More than anything, I am an advocate of personal responsibility and accountability, and that concept has seemed to founder in a sea of victimology.<br><br>The common denominators in almost every description of "Moral Injury" or "Burnout" are the systemic constraints and regulations that have slowly converted our honored profession into a tedious endeavor filled with onerous constraints and bureaucratic requirements.  Taking care of patients is noble, wonderful and fulfilling.  Much of the rest of what we do every day is complete and utter BS concocted by administrators and politicians, and it is indeed frustrating.<br><br>The irony is this: many naive physicians have repeated the mantra, "I just want to take care of patients and let someone else worry about the requirements and business of medicine." That well-intentioned and honest desire to just "be a doctor" has lead to countless herds of employed / institutional physicians who are "burned out," depressed, unfulfilled and disenchanted with their chosen profession.  In my opinion, loss of control is the root cause.  It's an epidemic, and it is our own fault:  We have ceded control of our noble profession to employers, insurance companies, for-profit institutions and the government.  But make no doubt about this: If one chooses to cede control, one is NOT a victim.<br><br>So what can we do?<br><br>1) Take back control of our profession.<br><br>2) Stop living under the delusion that there is a pot of gold at the end of this "I just want to be a doctor" idea.  It's not there.  We must be the leaders of healthcare, advocates of our patients AND physicians<br><br>3) Maintain a staunch dedication to patient care first.  Place proper and excellent patient care well above every other initiative, and never compromise.<br><br>4) Re-engage in practice, medical staff, medical society, organized medicine, BOME, and every other leadership position.<br><br>5) Continue to support organized medicine, particularly the larger organizations that have political clout and power.  The small sub-specialty organizations have essentially no political clout.<br><br>6) If that doesn't work, become a Kiwi!<br><br>  <br>  <br>------------------------------  <br>William R. Blythe, MD, FACS  <br>East Alabama Ear, Nose and Throat, P.C.  <br>Auburn, Alabama  <br>[wblythe@me.com](mailto:wblythe@me.com)  <br>334-559-3702  <br>------------------------------\