this week was marvalous. post angioplasty testing times, new methodology for appointments, possibility of EMR doctor assistance for me, improvement in dietary conditions, medical conditions and to top it all, the youtube video about th energy field explaining we are not really a mass but more an energy field. Additionally I made a gold purchase on Saturday and apparently its a day of great auspicious importance for investments. so my preferred investment method is gold and here we go. Additionally I started wearing the ring which will remind me of the values I hold true. Commitment for spiritual improvement and collective importance of energy fields of the universe.  [[Are we really energy fields?]]

by the way I am typing this out at SPAR supermarket at Battaramulla waiting for Ovindi to collect her after the maths class. I told her about why I am concerned about her, what her weaknesses are and how as a unit we can overcome all these.

Thinking of finances, with the help of Nawaloka, I can create a system where I wouldnt be paying an exorbitant amount of tax. 
for example if we take last week
17th to 23rd April
I have seen 85 official patients
110 extrabookings

total income : 381500

if i had seen all 195 patients 
my income : 370500
tax : 133200
after tax take home 36% off = 237120

now : tax is calculated for 85 patients 
	shown income : 85 X 2000 = 170000
	TAX : 61200
	TAKE HOME : 108000
unaccounted for 220000
total = 220000+108000 = 328000 

difference = 90700


So there is a difference. 

Additionally I did a CSF leak repair hopefully it will work